feat(COC): add coc script order statistics data source (#6821)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/coc_script_order_statistics.md

---
subcategory: "Cloud Operations Center (COC)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_coc_script_order_statistics"
description: |-

>   Use this data source to query display instance status statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this data source to query scipt order status statistics.
```

---

# huaweicloud_coc_script_order_statistics

Use this data source to query display instance status statistics.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "execute_uuid" {}

data "huaweicloud_coc_script_order_statistics" "test" {
  execute_uuid = var.execute_uuid
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `execute_uuid` - (Required, String) Specifies the execution ID of a script service ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `execute_uuid` - (Required, String) Specifies the execution ID of a script order.
```

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

> * `execute_statistics` - Indicates that each state has an instance statistic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `execute_statistics` - Indicates the statistic informations.
```
